docs: Improve `ignores` documentation (#17239)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/configuration-files-new.md

This configuration specifies that all of the files in the `.config` directory should be ignored. This pattern is added after the default patterns, which are `["**/node_modules/**", ".git/**"]`.

> Note that only global `ignores` patterns can ignore or unignore whole directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that only global `ignores` patterns can match directories.
```

It might be more specific and less confusing to say "match"? Because non-global `foo/**` does effectively ignore the whole directory although it doesn't match any directories.
